README.md, before:

# Robotics Fundamentals
<div>
    <img src="images/_21e5de52-cee1-4fc3-85a9-2840a3a7633e.jpg" width="400"/>
    <img src="images/_884024fc-ca71-4bf2-83b1-0ae7e9204b34.jpg" width="400"/>
</div>

This repository contains personal code and notes focusing on robotics fundamental using "Modern Robotics: Mechanics, Planning, and Control" by Kevin M. Lynch and Frank C and other resources. Park. I don't own any of the material, I just want to share my personal notes and code while I learn about robotics fundamentals.
## Overview of the repository
### foundation of robotics motions
We will learn about the following topics:
- [ ] Degrees of freedom of a rigid body
- [ ] Degrees of freedom of a robot
- [ ] Configuration space Topology
- [ ] Configuration and Velocity Constraints
- [ ] Taskspace and Workspace

### introduction to rigid body motions
We will learn about the following topics:
- [ ] Rotation matrices
- [ ] Angular velocity
- [ ] Exponential coordinates
- [ ] Homogeneous transformations
- [ ] Twists
- [ ] Wrenches

Commit message:

modif : readme and forward kinematics of open chains

README.md, after:

# Robotics Fundamentals
<div>
    <img src="images/_21e5de52-cee1-4fc3-85a9-2840a3a7633e.jpg" width="400"/>
    <img src="images/_884024fc-ca71-4bf2-83b1-0ae7e9204b34.jpg" width="400"/>
</div>

This repository contains personal code and notes focusing on robotics fundamental using "Modern Robotics: Mechanics, Planning, and Control" by Kevin M. Lynch and Frank C and other resources. Park. I don't own any of the material, I just want to share my personal notes and code while I learn about robotics fundamentals.
## Overview of the repository
### foundation of robotics motions
- [ ] Degrees of freedom of a rigid body
- [ ] Degrees of freedom of a robot
- [ ] Configuration space Topology
- [ ] Configuration and Velocity Constraints
- [ ] Taskspace and Workspace

### introduction to rigid body motions
- [ ] Rotation matrices
- [ ] Angular velocity
- [ ] Exponential coordinates
- [ ] Homogeneous transformations
- [ ] Twists
- [ ] Wrenches

### forward kinematics of open chains robots
- [ ] Zero configuration
- [ ] Configuration of end-effectors
- [ ] Product of exponentials formula
